chore: update readme (#41)
open-feature/dotnet-sdk: README.md

client.AddHooks(new ExampleClientHook());

// add a hook for this evaluation only
var value = await client.GetBooleanValue("boolFlag", false, context, new FlagEvaluationOptions(new ExampleInvocationHook()));
```

Example of implementing a hook

```csharp
public class MyHook : Hook
{
  public Task<EvaluationContext> Before<T>(HookContext<T> context,
      IReadOnlyDictionary<string, object> hints = null)
  {
    // code to run before flag evaluation
  }

  public virtual Task After<T>(HookContext<T> context, FlagEvaluationDetails<T> details,
      IReadOnlyDictionary<string, object> hints = null)
  {
    // code to run after successful flag evaluation
  }

  public virtual Task Error<T>(HookContext<T> context, Exception error,
      IReadOnlyDictionary<string, object> hints = null)
  {
    // code to run if there's an error during before hooks or during flag evaluation
  }

  public virtual Task Finally<T>(HookContext<T> context, IReadOnlyDictionary<string, object> hints = null)
  {
    // code to run after all other stages, regardless of success/failure
  }
}
```

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on how to contribute to the OpenFeature project.

> Our community meetings are held fortnightly on Thursdays at 4pm. Check the [OpenFeature community calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=MHVhN2kxaGl2NWRoMThiMjd0b2FoNjM2NDRAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ) for specific dates and for the Zoom meeting links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our community meetings are held regularly and open to everyone. Check the [OpenFeature community calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=MHVhN2kxaGl2NWRoMThiMjd0b2FoNjM2NDRAZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ) for specific dates and for the Zoom meeting links.

```

I would recommend not including specific days and/or times since it may change in the future.

</a>

Made with [contrib.rocks](https://contrib.rocks).

## License

> Apache License 2.0

Reviewer: Could you please link to this the license?
